(5 points): As a developer, I want to make good, consistent commits (at least 20 for both the backend and frontend).

(5 points) As a developer, I want to use React.js best practices, which consists of creating function components and properly passing state around as props.

(7.5 points) As a developer, I want to use CSS appropriately to make an aesthetically pleasing application.

(10 points) As a developer, I want to use Axios to make GET requests to the YouTube API to pull in video data.
COMPLETED

(5 points) As a user, I want to be able to search for YouTube videos and see a page load with video options (represented as image thumbnails) related to my search. (API CALL #1)
COMPLETED

(5 points) As a user, I want to be able to click a video from the search, see a new page-load with the selected video, and play the YouTube video in an embedded video player using an iframe element.

(5 points) As a user, I want to see the title and description of the currently playing video.

(5 points) As a user, I want to see a grouping of videos related to my search next to the currently playing video. (API CALL #2)

(5 points) As a user, I want to be able to select a video to be played from the list of related videos to my search that will become the currently playing video and load a new set of related videos.

(7.5 points) As a registered user, I want to add a comment to a video in the comment section (Using Axios to make POST requests to my backend API). When comments are added to the backend for a specific video, I want to make a GET request every time that video is loaded as the currently playing video and see all comments for that video.

NOTE: When viewing a video as a non-logged in guest, you should be able to see comments for the video but not be able to add a comment until logged in

BONUS

NOTE: Only attempt once both the backend and frontend are feature complete for non-bonus user stories

(5 points) As a registered user, I want to like or dislike a comment in the comments section (Using Axios to make PUT requests to my backend API).

(7.5 points) As a registered user, I want to reply to another comment in the comments section (Using Axios to make POST requests to my backend API).